Update leaderboards-on-the-hub-hallucinations.md (#2077)
huggingface/blog: leaderboards-on-the-hub-hallucinations.md

The **[Hallucinations Leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/hallucinations-leaderboard/leaderboard)** aims to address this problem: it is a comprehensive platform that evaluates a wide array of LLMs against benchmarks specifically designed to assess hallucination-related issues via in-context learning.

> **UPDATE** -- We just released a paper on this project; you can find it here: [The Hallucinations Leaderboard -- An Open Effort to Measure Hallucinations in Large Language Models](https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.05904).

Reviewer: potentially also link to paper page on HF, for further discussion: https://huggingface.co/papers/2404.05904

> **UPDATE** -- We just released a paper on this project; you can find it here: [The Hallucinations Leaderboard -- An Open Effort to Measure Hallucinations in Large Language Models](https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.05904).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**UPDATE** -- We released a paper on this project; you can find it in arxiv: [The Hallucinations Leaderboard -- An Open Effort to Measure Hallucinations in Large Language Models](https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.05904). Here's also the [Hugging Face paper page](https://huggingface.co/papers/2404.05904) for community discussions.
```
